Your alarm clock wakes you up. You go into the kitchen and see it went off an
hour too early.
Follow : Stay up and make breakfast f1 - investigate1
Unfollow : Stay up and chill out u1 - stay1
Snapchat : Go back to bed and take a snapchat of you catching more zzzs s1

Investigate1 - While making breakfast you see a bright light flash through the kitchen window.
Investigate - Go outside to investigate f2 - investigate2
Stay - Finish making breakfast u2 - stay1
Snapchat - Grab your phone to snap a picture s3

Stay1 - You're sitting on the couch watching television when you start to smell
burning coffee. You head into the kitchen and see your mom must have started the
pot and forgotten. She might have fallen back to sleep since she's been so tired lately.
Investigate - Head up stairs to check on her. f3 - investigate2a
Stay - Shrug it off and go get dressed. u3 - stay2
Snapchat - Snapchat the picture of the blacken pot s3

Investigate2 - You go out through the side door. While looking up at the vanishing light in the sky
you trip over a house shoe abandoned in the driveway. You realize it's one of your mom's.
Investigate - Pick it up and follow the disappearing light. f4 - investigate3
Stay - u3
Snapchat - Snapchat the abandoned shoe. s4

Investigate2a - You go into your mom's room to check on her. The room is empty and her bed
is messed up. You notice a bright light in the distance through her window.
Investigate - f2
Stay - u3
Snapchat - Snapchat the messy bed. s5

Stay2 - After you're done getting dressed you realize that your mother still hasn't woken up.
Investigate - f3
Stay - Shrug it off. She must have been really tired and you've got to get to first hour. u4 - stay3
Snapchat - Take a snapchat of your outfit. s6

Investigate3 - You follow the light for many blocks until you arrive at a derelict building.
You notice the door is cracked open.
Investigate - Go inside - f5 - investigate4
Stay - Turn around and head to school. u5 - Stay3
Snapchat - Snapchat in front of the building s7

Stay3 - On your way to the bus stop you notice your mom's slipper in the middle of the drive way.
Investigate - f4
Stay - Shrug it off. You've got a test this morning. u6 - stay4
Snapchat - s4

Investigate4 - Inside it's pretty dark. You can make out dim outlines of piles of stuff. You hear a crash upstairs.
Investigate - Go upstairs. f6 - investigate5
Stay - u5
Snapchat - Snapchat the clutter s8

Stay4 - You get to school and one of your friends tell you they saw a light in the sky.
They're about to see if they can find the cause before first hour to go check it out. You're invited to tag along.
Investigate - You agree to go f7 - Investigate3
Stay - Not this time. You need the time to study. u7 - stay5
Snapchat - Take a snapchat of the two of you. s9

Investigate5 - You creep up the stairs. Listening to what sounds like someone tearing apart the building. When
you get to the landing you see a masked woman dressed up in a superhero costume fighting a 6 foot tall robot.
In the moment the woman was distracted by your arrival the robot grabbed her and tossed her across the room.
It headed towards you, creaking and leaking oil. Just as it was close enough to grab you the woman jumped up
and with a single kick broke it in two. She tells you to leave.
Investigate - Go. But hide in the stairwell so you can see who the hero is. f8 - investigate6
Stay - Go. You were almost killed! And you're already late for first hour. - u8 - stay5b
Snapchat - Snap a picture then go. Your friends won't believe this story without proof. s10

Stay5a - You get to first hour and your friend rushes in. She tells you this crazy story about seeing your mom
fighting a robot in a warehouse down the street.
Investigate - Ask if she took a picture. f9 - follow6a
Stay - Shrug her off. She's obviously messing with your head. u9 - stay5
Snapchat - Snapchat the teacher. s11

Investigate6 - The superhero kicked the robot and sighed. She pulled off her mask. It's your mom!
Investigate - Rush back in to demand and explanation. f10 - investigate7
Stay - Rush to school before the office's calls to report you missed first hour. u10 - stay5b
Snapchat - s10

Investigate6a - She shows you a picture of your mom in a superhero costume beside a pile of robot parts.
Investigate - Call your mom and demand an explanation. f11 - investigate7
Stay - Shrug it off for now and ask her to send you the picture. You'll definitely bring this up later. u11
Snapchat - s10

Stay5b - You arrive at first hour completely out of breath but alive. Your friend asks you if you saw that flash
of light this morning. She tells you she heard it was Flight, a superhero, flying to destroy a robot that escaped
from a near by military testing installation. No one knows the superhero's true identity but thank goodness
she managed to bring down that robot because it had been programmed for destruction. Your friend says no one believes her.
I mean, it is a crazy story right?

Investigate7 - Your mom is shocked that you've discovered her hero identity. She admits that she's been fighting
crime since you were a toddler. She had been born with the power of flight and super strength but never used it
growing up. After you were born she decided that for your sake she had to do what she could to clean up the world
for you. She really didn't think she it was going to take so long to put down one single robot or she would have left
you a note so you wouldn't have worried. She swears you to secrecy. Not that anyone would believe such a crazy story
anyway.

Stay5 - You put the superhero tales out of your head and focus on your algebra test. You know your mom would have
a super fit if you failed. You decide to call her after class to make sure she was okay. You're sure she is. It's
not like she's exhausted from flying around beating up robot bad guys or anything.
